"Line Of Fire", (c) SEGA 1990
For those who might possibly be interested, rather than those who
just want to hack the program to bits.... Sega wouldn't let us have
ANY credits on the game, so I thought we might as well put some here.
I (Richard Aplin) wrote the Amiga and ST versions (though at the time
of writing - 12th Nov.1990 - I haven't started the ST conversion yet!)
I much prefer the Amiga (doesn't anyone?) so I have done that version
first, using all the extra hardware, then i'm going to bang out
the ST version when necessary. "Uncle Art" (actually a limited company!)
did the (not very good) music. - Oh yeah.. Apologies and sympathy to
Uncle Tom (the person!) for the fuck up with his amazing Double Dragon II
music! The bitmap graphics were grabbed from the arcade PCB video output
by Andy Heike and Nick Vincent with the colour frame grabber, and
the sprites were read, decoded and converted from the arcade machine's
Eproms by me.(Not a bit of bloody help from Sega either!)   They were
remapped from 21 million to 16 colours by Andy Heike, Nick Vincent,
and some students in Manchester. I sampled the sound effects from
the PCB's sound chip (not very hard at all!) Tiertex wrote the protection
check code (which is utter shit - well on form for Tiertex!)
Steve Fitton and Tony Porter from U.S. Gold provided all the nagging
and hassle which was most unwelcome, but kind of expected anyway.

During the writing of this, I used:
Work
====
3 Commodore A500s
21Mb A590 Hard Disk + 2.5Mb ram
Commodore A1000 + 2Mb ram
Tandon 20Mhz 80386 PC + 40Mb Hard Disk
Souped-up JCL Colourpic video frame-grabber
PerfectSound sampler
Some custom EPROM-reading hardware I built to read the arcade board's roms.
Atari 1040ST (yuk)
+Various extra drives, disks, etc,etc
Lots of coffee

Fun (Notice how the two are divided?!?)
===
Nintendo GameBoy (+Tetris & others)
Sega MegaDrive (+Ghouls'n'ghosts, etc)
Mr.Do! arcade board
Hundreds of records, tapes & CDs and a {<(|loud|)>} stereo
Sony Video Walkman (+Blackadder 1-4, Comic Strip, Young Ones, and others)
Roland D110 multi-timbral LA synth (rackmount)
Cheetah MS6 multi-timbral analogue synth (rackmount)
Yamaha TX7 FM synth (stupidly-shaped black box)
Casio FZ1 16-bit sampler + loads of disks
Alesis Quadraverb 16-bit digital fx processor (rackmount)
Fender Strat guitar (well, a cheap clone)
A couple of guitar fx pedals
DeskTech 6:2 mixer
MicroIllusions Music-X sequencer (Amazing program)
Virtually no musical talent/ability whatsoever
US Robotics Courier HST modem (for P.D. BBSs of course)
Many gallons of beer, Black Bush whisky, Potheen (when available - cheers Mark!)
Various people's floors/sofas/etc in London when at computer shows
(most time spent at the bar)
